c:\users\profesional\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\Taller.exe.config
c:\users\profesional\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\Taller.exe
c:\users\profesional\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\Taller.pdb
c:\users\profesional\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\Taller.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\profesional\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\Taller.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\profesional\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\Taller.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\profesional\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\Taller.exe
c:\users\profesional\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\Taller.pdb
c:\users\profesional\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\Taller.FrmPrincipal.resources
c:\users\profesional\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\Taller.Vista.MdiAdministrador.resources
c:\users\profesional\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\Taller.Vista.FrmRampa.resources
c:\users\profesional\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\Taller.Vista.FrmServicio.resources
c:\users\profesional\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\profesional\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\profesional\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\profesional\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Taller\Taller\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\profesional\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\Taller.Vista.FrmModificarRampa.resources
C:\Users\PROFESIONAL\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\Taller.Vista.FrmModificarUsuario.resources
C:\Users\PROFESIONAL\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\Taller.Vista.FrmUsuario.resources
C:\Users\PROFESIONAL\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\Taller.Vista.FrmModificarServicio.resources
C:\Users\PROFESIONAL\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\Taller.Vista.FrmProducto.resources
C:\Users\PROFESIONAL\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\Taller.Vista.FrmModificarCliente.resources
C:\Users\PROFESIONAL\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\Taller.Vista.FrmModificarTecnico.resources
C:\Users\PROFESIONAL\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\Taller.Vista.FrmTecnico.resources
C:\Users\PROFESIONAL\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\Taller.Vista.FrmModificarProducto.resources
C:\Users\PROFESIONAL\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\Taller.Vista.FrmCliente.resources
C:\Users\PROFESIONAL\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\Taller.Vista.MdiOperador.resources
C:\Users\PROFESIONAL\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Taller\Taller\obj\Debug\Taller.Vista.FrmVenta.resources
